Track two, I think all the best ones must be soldiers.
Hello there. Have you seen Mr Evans up here? There's still a fair bit to do, even though the war is over.
Nonetheless, I'm not sure how much work there is for us lumberjills these days.
We've played our part, you know. It's already starting to look different since I came in 42.
It was a glorious summer's day. We had some laughs over the last three years, but it's not been easy.
I'm lucky, really. Most of the land girls are English and can't speak a word of Welsh.
Still, it's been a bit of a shock for me, having grown up in Bangor.
I think the locals, especially the wives, have been a bit wary of us too.
Thought we were going to steal their men.
Although, between you and me, I think all the best ones must be soldiers.
I can understand it, but we were only here to do our bit, in the country's hour of need and all that.
I'm very proud of what we've achieved.
When I first came here, I did all the usual forestry labour work, you know, cutting timber, burning the brash,
and even did a bit in the sawmill and nursery here.
Now they've got me in the office, which is a promotion, so they say.
I'm loist, by the way.
I've got to head off into the mountain later to measure some of the trees at Blaen Glesyrch,
just north of here on the other side of the road.
The Home Guard have already been in there once to measure up for the pit props,
but as they say, if you want a job doing properly, if you want to join me,
I can show you what what, if you'd like. Come along.